# PyBer_Analysis

This assignment was created in order to help summarize the key metrics for the ride-sharing data by city type. In order to analyze the data, we first had to review the entire information that was provided and group it by categories. In this case we grouped the cities by city type which fell under the following three categories: Urban, Suburban & Rural. After creating the multiple-line graph, it was determined that Urban cities had the highest fares throughout the months of January thru April. Suburban cities came in second place and last came in the Rural cities. It was also concluded that Urban cities were never surpassed by either the Suburban or Rural cities. 

Throughout working the assignment, everything seemed to work well and dataframes were created easily but the difficulties came during steps 7- 9, where we had to create a new DataFrame on given dates and then resampling in weekly bins, which I was not able to do. In the future, more analysis and practice needs to be done in order to comply with all of the steps. 

Based on the data from the different city types, I would recommend the CEO to possibly look into the individual fares of each city type and try and make them more similar as they all fall within different ranges. Two additional analyses that could gain more insight into the data would be looking at the total rides by city type and the number of drivers per city type. Having those additional analyses can determine why the fares are so distinct and from there it can be seen what changes can be done to make them similar. Those two additional analyses would have very similar steps like the one performed for the total fares except we would be performing analyses on the total rides and total drivers instead of of the total rides. 
